[Featured spaces] add dedicated page for featured spaces (#2070)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-featured.md

# Featured Spaces

Hugging Face highlights certain Spaces to make it easier for you to discover high-quality demos and examples built by the community.

## Author-owned Spaces

> Model, Dataset, and Paper pages can include a section showing the Spaces that use or reference that resource. A star icon identifies author-owned Spaces, which are official demos or examples created by the resource’s author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model, Dataset, and Paper pages can include a section showing the Spaces that use or reference that artifact. A star icon identifies author-owned Spaces, which are official demos or examples created by the owner of the artifact.
```
